Terms of Service for Fizz

Effective Date: 6/5/2024

1. Acceptance of Terms
By using Fizz ("the Bot"), you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service ("ToS"). If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Bot.

2. Description of Service
The Bot is a Discord bot that provides various gambling games for entertainment purposes. The Bot does not use real currency and is intended for use with in-game virtual currency only.

3. Eligibility
There is no age requirement to use the Bot. However, users are expected to comply with Discord's Terms of Service and Community Guidelines. Parental guidance is recommended for younger users.

4. Virtual Currency
The Bot uses a virtual currency system for gambling games. This virtual currency has no real-world value and cannot be exchanged for real money or items of value.

5. User Conduct
By using the Bot, you agree to:

Use the Bot in a manner that is respectful to other users and the community.
Refrain from using the Bot for any unlawful or harmful activities.
Not engage in cheating, hacking, or any other activities that undermine the integrity of the Bot's games.

6. Privacy and Data Collection
The Bot may collect and store user data such as Discord user IDs and in-game statistics for the purpose of providing its services. This data will not be shared with third parties except as required by law.

7. Disclaimer of Warranties
The Bot is provided "as is" and "as available" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. [Bot Name] and its developers disclaim all warranties, including but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.

8. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall the Bot or its developers be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages arising out of or related to your use of the Bot.

9. Changes to the ToS
the Bot reserves the right to modify these ToS at any time. Changes will be effective immediately upon posting. Your continued use of the Bot after any changes signifies your acceptance of the new ToS.

10. Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns about these ToS, please contact us at fizzled04 on discord.

By using Fizz, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to these Terms of Service.